docs(framework:skip) Update Docker docs for 1.13.0 (#4470)
adap/flower: doc/source/docker/run-as-subprocess.rst

> Run ClientApp or ServerApp as a Subprocess

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run ServerApp or ClientApp as a Subprocess
```

==========================================

> The SuperLink and SuperNode components support two distinct process modes, allowing for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SuperLink and SuperNode components support two distinct isolation modes, allowing for
```

flexible deployment and control:

1. Subprocess Mode: In this configuration (default), the SuperLink and SuperNode take

>    responsibility for launching the Server and ClientApp processes internally. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   responsibility for launching the ServerApp and ClientApp processes internally. This
```

>    differs from process mode ``isolation`` by using separate containers, as demonstrated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   differs from the ``process`` isolation-mode which uses separate containers, as demonstrated
```

   in the :doc:`tutorial-quickstart-docker` guide.

>    This approach reduces the number of running containers, which can be beneficial for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Using the ``subprocess`` approach reduces the number of running containers, which can be beneficial for
```

   environments with limited resources. However, it also means that the applications are
   not isolated from their parent containers, which may introduce additional security
   concerns.

> 2. Isolation Mode: In this mode, the Server and ClientApp run in completely separate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Process Mode: In this mode, the ServerApp and ClientApp run in completely separate
```

   processes. Unlike the alternative Subprocess mode, the SuperLink or SuperNode does
   not attempt to create or manage these processes. Instead, they must be started
   externally.

> These modes can be mixed for added flexibility. For instance, you can run the SuperLink

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both modes can be mixed for added flexibility. For instance, you can run the SuperLink
```

> in ``subprocess`` mode while keeping the SuperNode in ``isolation`` mode, or vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in ``subprocess`` mode while keeping the SuperNode in ``process`` mode, or vice versa.
```

It is also possible to configure both to run entirely in ``isolation`` mode, depending

> on your specific requirements.

Reviewer: I think this sentence is now unnecessary with the changes above.

Author: removed

> To run the SuperLink and SuperNode in process mode ``isolation``, refer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the SuperLink and SuperNode in isolation mode ``process``, refer to the
```

:doc:`tutorial-quickstart-docker` guide. To run them in ``subprocess`` mode, follow the
instructions below.

.. tab-set::

    .. tab-item:: ClientApp

        **Prerequisites**

        1. Before running the ClientApp as a subprocess, ensure that the FAB dependencies have
        been installed in the SuperNode images. This can be done by extending the SuperNode
        image:

        .. code-block:: dockerfile
            :caption: supernode.Dockerfile
            :linenos:
            :substitutions:

            FROM flwr/supernode:|stable_flwr_version|

            WORKDIR /app
            COPY pyproject.toml .
            RUN sed -i 's/.*flwr\[simulation\].*//' pyproject.toml \
                && python -m pip install -U --no-cache-dir .

            ENTRYPOINT ["flower-supernode"]

        2. Next, build the SuperNode Docker image by running the following command in the
        directory where Dockerfile is located:

        .. code-block:: shell

            $ docker build -f supernode.Dockerfile -t flwr_supernode:0.0.1 .

        **Run the ClientApp as a Subprocess**

>         Start the SuperNode and run the ClientApp as a subprocess:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Start the SuperNode and run the ClientApp as a subprocess (note that the subprocess mode is the default, so you do not have to explicitly set the ``--isolation`` flag:
```

        .. code-block:: shell

            $ docker run --rm \
                --detach \
                flwr_supernode:0.0.1 \
                --insecure \
                --superlink <superlink-address>:9092

>     .. tab-item:: ServerApp

Reviewer: Let's swap the order and have `ServerApp` at the top, followed by `ClientApp`. This makes it consistent with the title.
